{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"index.md","tooltip":"/index.md","value":"## Who Am I?\n\nThere comes a time in every persons life where they can choose to stay on the easy path they've always been on, or break away and chase their dreams.\n\nMy time is now.\n\nA lifelong technophile and a product of the generation that straddles Wikipedia and Dewey Decimal. Netflix and Blockbuster Video. With a strong love and respect for technology and the internet, I'm taking the plunge and immersing myself in all things coding. Follow along as I chronicle my journey from coding novice to Jr Web Developer in Orlando's first Iron Yard Academy Front End Engineering cohort.  ","undoManager":{"mark":-1,"position":0,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":12}},"text":"## Who Am I?"},{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":12},"end":{"row":1,"column":0}},"text":"\n"},{"action":"insertLines","range":{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":6,"column":0}},"lines":["","There comes a time in every persons life where they can choose to stay on the easy path they've always been on, or break away and chase their dreams.","","My time is now.",""]},{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":6,"column":0},"end":{"row":6,"column":405}},"text":"A lifelong technophile and a product of the generation that straddles Wikipedia and Dewey Decimal. Netflix and Blockbuster Video. With a strong love and respect for technology and the internet, I'm taking the plunge and immersing myself in all things coding. Follow along as I chronicle my journey from coding novice to Jr Web Developer in Orlando's first Iron Yard Academy Front End Engineering cohort.  "}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":6,"column":405},"end":{"row":6,"column":405},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":26,"mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1411601663903}