###Being a part of the community

The remainder of my weekend project required more of a creative approach and on Friday I was not feeling particularly creative so I decided to help my fellow classmates who might be struggling to understand the concepts we’ve learned so far. I sat with a few classmates and walked them through the process of reseting their blog back to scratch and applying all of the changes. During this time, we had a guest lecturer come in to the class. It was [Olivier Lacan](http://olivierlacan.com/posts/the-little-things/) from Code School. As he began his lecture, he said to me “If I’m teaching them anything you don’t want me to, just shake your head no or something” I wasn’t sure what just happened and as I looked around and realized he was talking to me I just blurted “Oh…uh, I’m a student.” To be honest it did feel nice to have Olivier think that I was the instructor. It was a simple mistake but it feels good for a person who just started doing this a week ago.

Speaking of Olivier Lacan, he did a great presentation for our class about the real life applications of git and gave us a peek into what actual working repositories are like along with some tips and tricks for different visualizations of branching. I got some great program recommendations from the talk and I really appreciate him coming in. He was also a very nice guy so if you ever get the opportunity to meet him, take it.

Saturday kicked off [Orlando Tech Week](http://week.orlandotech.org/) with [BarCamp](http://www.barcamporlando.org) which was a great open format presentation event. There were four rooms and anyone who attended could sign up to present on a topic of their choice in the room and times available. It was a very interesting and unique format which I personally was a very big fan of. I saw some very interesting talks on UX and visual storytelling as well as the concept of the ROWE workplace. My personal favorite talk was less of a presentation and more of a discussion on using video games as educational tools. It was something that really sparked my interest and I arrived early. Lucky that I did because the talk filled up quickly. There was some great discussion on failure and how with video games you learn to adapt to failure by adjusting your tactics. There were people from all walks of the tech industry and it gave me the desire to learn more about working on projects that are for education entertainment.

What I enjoyed the most about this event is the community. Since joining The Iron Yard, I have started to really feel a part of the Orlando Tech community. I had attended many [Orlando Tech Association](http://orlandotech.org) meetings before I started at The Iron Yard but I always felt as if I was just outside watching. Since starting at the Iron Yard I have felt the openness and excitement of the tech community here in Orlando. Everyone knows we have a great place here and we all want to work hard to keep it going.