---
layout: default
---
###Getting to know everyone 

The first few days of any new adventure, whether it’s a new job, a new class, or a new meetup group, always has an initial settling period. A time where you get your bearings. Find out where the bathroom is. Swap out your chair with an extra one so the squeaky backing doesn’t cause your classmates to want to kill you. It’s an exciting and stressful time. Starting out at the Iron Yard I made it even harder on myself by biking in on the first day. I made great time, unfortunately I think I under-estimated how hot it would be at 8:00am and arrived to class with a red face and a wet brow. _“Oh great, smelly kid’s here,” they’d say._ Luckily I thought ahead and brought a change of clothes and freshened up a bit. _Probably more information than I aught to give on a blog but I don’t want anyone out there thinking I smell. Oh great, I made it a thing, didn’t I?_

Smells notwithstanding, everyone in our class seems very welcoming and excited to be there. My desk-mate is Ralph: a great guy, really eager to learn, and has had some great experiences in his life. He’s motivated and it’s a great energy to have in the class. Ralph isn’t the exception though. Everyone involved in this program is great. From the Campus Director to the Instructor and all of the students. I feel as if everyone has a mutual understanding that we’re all here to do something big and make a change in our lives. We’re investing a lot of time and money and the staff at the Iron Yard also understand that. They know that we have three months to learn a lot and they want us to come out the best we possibly can. It also wouldn’t hurt The Iron Yard’s future enrollment to have 14 motivated smart junior web developers produced from their first class in Orlando. 

I’m just a couple of days into the program and I already know it’s the right fit for me. I think that anytime you’re in a class to pivot your career and life into a field you’ve always wanted to be in and the instructor explains a concept by using [*BACK TO THE FUTURE*](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d2/Back_to_the_Future.jpg) you know you’ve made the right choice. Now it’s just a matter of making sure I can take in as much as I can without getting under water.